hi this Randy from compact car corner I
want to show you one of the cleanest 72
Cheyenne pickups we've ever had come
through here take a look at this truck
super super neat restoration I mean the
whole truck has been completely blown
apart gained and put back together 383
stroker Edelbrock Performer intake and
abroad card power steering power brakes
for support everything has been even
under the hood was refinished
take a look down the sides of this truck
he is laser straight super nice colors
hand and rub to tone again all the
rubbers the glass everything was out of
this truck if you look up here look up
here at the front windshield windshield
was out right here the gasket new
gaskets nicely done new seat new carpet
door panels
American Racing wheels Toyo tires nice
pullback turns off
take a look inside the bed tailgate is
just gorgeous no corrosion anywhere in
the bed and down the sides in this truck
just beautiful restoration
all the stainless of aluminum trim it's
got an aftermarket slider in the rear
on the sheet metal's real nice pinch
welds underneath the doors
as you can see some aftermarket gauges
doesn't get much nicer than this next
we're going to take you for a drive